Update windows license information (#9562)
dotnet/core: license-information-windows.md

The Windows distribution of .NET contains files that are provided under multiple licenses.
This information is provided to help you understand the license terms that
apply to your use. By using .NET on Windows, you agree to the following license terms.

This document is provided for informative purposes only, and is not itself a license.

The following binaries are licensed with the
[.NET Library License](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/dotnet_library_license.htm)

> * coreclr.dll and .NET runtimes included in binaries published as single-file (due to extra telemetry included by .NET runtime in Watson crash reports)

Reviewer: We also need to include `vcruntime140_cor3.dll (used by WPF)` that started all this discussion in the .NET Library License list. For extra clarity, we may add a note that it is same binary as `vcruntime140.dll` included in Visual Studio redist relicensed under .NET Library License with Microsoft permission.

> * coreclr.dll and .NET runtimes included in binaries published as single-file (due to extra telemetry included by .NET runtime in Watson crash reports)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* coreclr.dll and .NET runtimes included in binaries published as single-file (due to [extra telemetry](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/src/coreclr/vm/dwreport.cpp) included by .NET runtime in Watson crash reports)
```
Link to the code for more clarity

The Windows distribution of .NET contains files that are provided under multiple licenses.
This information is provided to help you understand the license terms that
apply to your use. By using .NET on Windows, you agree to the following license terms.

This document is provided for informative purposes only, and is not itself a license.

The following binaries are licensed with the
[.NET Library License](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/dotnet_library_license.htm)

> * coreclr.dll and .NET runtimes included in binaries published as single-file (due to [extra telemetry](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/src/coreclr/vm/dwreport.cpp) included by .NET runtime in Watson crash reports)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* coreclr.dll and .NET runtimes included in binaries published as single-file (due to [extra telemetry](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/src/coreclr/vm/dwreport.cpp) included by .NET runtime in Windows Error Reporting crash reports)
```
Use official name for Watson. It turns Watson crash reporting is something completely different: https://www.datadriven.com/crash-reporting-software/

> * coreclr.dll and .NET runtimes included in binaries published as single-file (due to [extra telemetry](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/src/coreclr/vm/dwreport.cpp) included by .NET runtime in Windows Error Reporting crash reports)

Reviewer 2: Why? The linked `dwreport.cpp` file seems to be MIT-licensed?

Author: The code itself is MIT. The resultant binary is licensed as .NET Library license because of data collection, per the comment. .NET app crashes on Windows generate memory dumps that get collected by Watson. Those dumps are used to fix bugs in .NET. Many Microsoft products are integrated with Watson. I don't know how many product fixes are made based on Watson information but it has to be a lot. .NET Framework is the same.

There is a clause in the .NET Library License about data collection. The .NET SDK is the other component that I'm aware of that relies on this clause. One can certainly imagine using MIT with software that has a data collection scenario. We decided not to do that.

I remember using Office when I was a kid and seeing the "Dr. Watson" dialog. Yes, Sherlock Holmes themed. Office was the originator of Watson.

This document is provided for informative purposes only, and is not itself a license.

The following binaries are licensed with the
[Windows SDK License](https://learn.microsoft.com/legal/windows-sdk/license):

* D3DCompiler_47_cor3.dll (used by WPF)

All other binaries and files are licensed with the

> [.NET Library License](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/main/LICENSE.TXT).

Reviewer: The link still points to MIT

Author: Oops. Not sure how that happened. I had intended to make that change. Will resolve.
